1. Document flow and positioning
    
    HTML documents are displayed on the page from top to bottom, so the elements
    that described higher in the HTML file will be rendered in the browser earlier
    than those described lower.
    
    The order in which the elements are displayed on a page by default is called
    normal flow. It corresponds to the value of the static position property.
    Changing the values of that property will change the flow of the document, which
    is a process called positioning.
    
2. Absolute positioning
    
    Absolute positioning refers to positioning relative to the bounds of the parent
    element, out of the normal flow. 
    
    element {
        position: absolute;
    }
    
    If there is no parent element, then it is set relative to the bounds of the browser
    viewport. So, with absolute positioning, the browser window will act as a parent from 
    whose borders the distance is set.
    
    ------------
                |
                |
    left:100px  | top: 100px
    ----------->\/ 
    
    
3. Relative positioning:
    A relatively positioned element is set relative to its original position on the page.
    Take a look at the syntax:
    
    element {
        position: relative;
    }
    
4. Fixed positioning:
    This type of positioning is very similar to absolute positioning with one major difference:
    it locks the element on the page relative to the visible part of the browser's viewport and maintains
    that position during vertical scrolling. example: https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/PkS2mMjQBq9mKAUfCPq7JqJ5CzUYsxwaHAscoN2NCgVnqhhWk49u_wOavj24FgKdaX7Ulpwup5Y7a7QWM1bi8TD36dy8SC8c4p8W6Q8uew9M8JmBcyCLfBfPVg2IxBDpk4BOwPIa
    
    element {
        position: fixed;
    }
    
5. Sticky positioning:

    It between fixed positioning and relative positioning: the element is positioned relatively until
    the page is scrolled to a certain point, after which the positioning will be fixed.
    
    element {
        position: sticky;
    }
    
    
    
    